Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Then last lecture, we created the UI for our forgot password screen.
Okay, now, in this lecture, we're going to create a function.
Just add the password reset link to the associated email address.
Okay.
Now, first of all, you're going to try to implement this yourself because it's going to be similar.
So the.
To the.
Log in users function.
Okay, so now just going to guide you what you're going to do with this yourself, okay?
Now for you to do this, what is it going to do first is you're going to create a function.
Right.
You're going to create a function that you're going to pass the field.
That is just the email.
You can see we just have one field.
So you're going to pass the fields to the commission.
So you're going to create this variable to study possible errors.
Then you're going to have to try our catch to check if that field is filled or not.
That is it of using the Firebase Odds.
The site in which email address what you're going to be is it is private all thoughts send password
we sent link.
Okay, so just ideas.
So now try to pass this video.
If I'm using my hand this video here, then you're going to try to do this yourself, right?
So like I said, it's going to be so similar to this.
The other different is you're not going to press in all this fields, you're just going to be passengers.
One field that is just the event field.
You're just going to check for just a single method, right?
So the rest is going to be the same.
So try to see if you can do this yourself.
You're going to call the function forgot password.
Okay, so try to see if you can do this yourself.
Then in this picture, I'm going to do it together.
Okay, guys, see you.